Reflective writing

Having been just over a month of learning python i have gained tons of knowledge over the past month i had recently used
python to build a tetis game just to get my feet wet, But while roughly learning python i had very little understanding
of classes and why we use 'Def' up until now i fully understand what classes do and why we use 'Def'.

Classes / OOP
Learning about classes was the hardest part for me, when using the self method this made me feel so lost and confused for
hours until i finally realised what the actual use of classes does, Creating a class creates a new object which allows me to use
new instances, Each class that i create can have a attribute.

While studying OOP i had come to realise what purpose classes had and how much this can clean's up your code.
I originally had used up multiple lines just copying and pasting my code to use for other things so using classes
and OOP made my code so much cleaner.

User stories

When a user requests a password change, I have designed my password system to recognise this request and to write over
the current password using """"file = open(username + ".txt", "w"""" This will assign the newly created password to that
current users name . This will then send the user to the login stage once the have  signed in with the new password they
can opt for another ticket or decline and carry on with other options

When a user request an ID number there has been a system set up in place, I have used Nidhi's code and from what i have
leaned, Once the user enters the characters 'id' The code will run to produce the id under the binary and hexadecimal
but also using the first characters of the users name. Once this has been completed the ticket will be created and
closed then allowing the user to create another ticket or continue back to the menu





-----------------------SDLC------------------------------

I have chosen to go with the Waterfall model

below will basically show you why this is in my opinion the best model to go with. Having one operation finished first is
gold for me as i believe that my team should focus 100% on one part of the application first Bruce Lee Quote
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. This
is the same for me i want my team to perfect one thing at a time before moving on to the next. In context once my team has
perfected the planning phase and i sign off on that then i will allow the next phase to start which is requirements and
so on. Even though this is time restricted i would rather have my team focused on one thing at a time

---Planning & requirements---

Planning will consist of 'User registration', 'Login', Logout, 'Main menu', 'Password changes'

---Requirement Analysis---

'User registration' .This will consist of an account login phase asking the user if they have an
current account. Using the characters y/n once the user has entered 'n' the user will then be asked to input their
information and a password.

'Login' .Once Registration has been completed the user will be asked again to enter y/n once they have entered 'y' the user
will then be asked to input their username first then after this the user will be asked to input their current password
that they have just made. once completed the user will be then sent to the main menu

'Login'.When the user wants to logout they just have to enter the number '0' this will then exit the whole application

'Main menu'. This will consist of 6 choices, '0' being to exit application. '1' create a new ticket. '2' Will be to
display the current ticket the user has requested '3' will be where a IT technician can edit the current request. '4'
will be where the IT technician can reopen an existing request. '5'This will display all tickets created, reopened and
closed

'Password changes' Once the user requests to change their password they will be taken to the start menu again and asked
to enter the character 'c' As the user enters int 'c' they will then be prompted to enter their username and once that
has been achieved they can then change their password

---Design---

While being limited to the terminal i have decided to add dashes '------' astrix '*' under important areas of the code
for example when the user logs in the will be presented with 6 options and above and below is dashes '-----' which
separates the code and makes it much easier to read. While designing the options it was best to make the program print
downwards instead of all bunched up together. I have tried to make the terminal look less cluttered and more easier to
read and understand, i have only used file to store the username and password.This application will be able to communicate with most
company system as long as the company has 1 working computer and functioning keyboard mouse and monitor. The only security
in this program is the password management if the user gets the password wrong the program will want you to enter in the
correct password and that goes for the username aswell

---Implementation---
Creating this code we will be using python this will make it much more easier for the users to understand and our
developers find it less complicated while using this language. Using python will insure the developers to use OOP this
will decrease work load for them and clean up the back-end code. There will be a set of two developers working on
creating this code one dev will work on Tickets  while the other will focus on implementing passwords and design the
main menu while working on this code they must allways supply their workings in a reflective journal and write comments
this will keep the developers upto date also incase the need to update and patch recent bugs

---Testing---

It’s critical to test an application before making it available to users. This will draw out any possible bugs the
program may have and what bugs they find hidden. This is basically the testers destroying your code and diminishing anything
the developers didn't see, This also leads to the developers fixing the bug asap, while the testers can go through the
code they take note of how they got to this point and how the bug is found for example right now if you press a random
character in the program you will be taken straight into the main menu the downfall being that user does not have a
username. I have left this bug in so the user can sign in anomalously

---Deployment---
Once the program has been deployed the company using this program will need to have up to-date software and malware to
be able to run this program without any issues,also will need a computer with functioning Window 10 and install the
program on WWW.ITHELPDESK.COM Once download has been completed the user can instantly log in

---Maintenance---

Getting help from the users. The program has been designed so that the IT team can help you if the user is to run into
a bug in this system the IT team would like the user to report it back so that they can improve the program and update
and help supply the user with the best possible service and experience with our system. Once the IT team has seen the bug
the IT team will report it back to the developers and the under go more coding to fix this problem once completed testers
will continue to wear out any other loose ends the current bug might have. Once this has been patched the program will
continue as normal.
